sea-shell-service-spring-web-flux/sea-shell-rest-service/Readme.md, before:

# sea-shell-rest-service

## About me 👨🏽‍💻🚀🏳️‍🌈

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/JEOrgLogo-20.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/medium-20.png "Medium")](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/credly-20.png "Credly")](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Homepage&message=joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl&color=6495ED "João Esperancinha Homepage")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=jesperancinha&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/joaofse?label=João%20Esperancinha&style=social "Twitter")](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=yellow "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)   
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Articles&message=Across%20The%20Web&color=purple)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-templates/Articles.md)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Webapp&message=Image%20Train%20Filters&color=6495ED)](http://itf.joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=red "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=red "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/coursera-20.png "Coursera")](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/google-apps-20.png "Google Apps")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)   
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/sonatype-20.png "Sonatype Search Repos")](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/docker-20.png "Docker Images")](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/stack-overflow-20.png)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/reddit-20.png "Reddit")](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/devto-20.png "Dev To")](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackernoon-20.jpeg "Hackernoon")](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeproject-20.png "Code Project")](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/github-20.png "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bitbucket-20.png "BitBucket")](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/gitlab-20.png "GitLab")](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bintray-20.png "BinTray")](https://bintray.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/free-code-camp-20.jpg "FreeCodeCamp")](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackerrank-20.png "HackerRank")](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeforces-20.png "Code Forces")](https://codeforces.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codebyte-20.png "Codebyte")](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codewars-20.png "CodeWars")](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codepen-20.png "Code Pen")](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hacker-news-20.png "Hacker News")](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/infoq-20.png "InfoQ")](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/linkedin-20.png "LinkedIn")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/xing-20.png "Xing")](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/tumblr-20.png "Tumblr")](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/pinterest-20.png "Pinterest")](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/quora-20.png "Quora")](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)

## Achievements

[![VMware Spring Professional 2021](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/vmware-spring-professional-2021.png "VMware Spring Professional 2021")](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, JEE 7 Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-ee-7-application-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, JEE7 Developer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-se-11-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
[![IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/ibm-cybersecurity-analyst-professional-certificate-100.png "IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional")](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
[![Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/cancanit-badge-1462-100.png "Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer")](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
[![Certified Neo4j Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/professional_neo4j_developer-100.png "Certified Neo4j Professional")](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
[![Deep Learning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/deep-learning-100.png "Deep Learning")](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)

Commit message:

🍃 💿 New module and matching instructions

sea-shell-service-spring-web-flux/sea-shell-rest-service/Readme.md, after:

# sea-shell-rest-service

This module exemplifies three techniques to retrieve the data using mutable objects.

The three techniques used are:

1. Using Futures
2. Using Reactive MVC decoupled
3. Using Reactive MVC coupled

NOTE: In version [2.0.0](../../ReviewLogs.md) of this project, there is a [new module](../../sea-shell-service-immutable), where the immutable implementation is presented in one go.
Please have a look at it to see an example of a better implementation.

## About me 👨🏽‍💻🚀🏳️‍🌈

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/JEOrgLogo-20.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/medium-20.png "Medium")](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/credly-20.png "Credly")](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Homepage&message=joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl&color=6495ED "João Esperancinha Homepage")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=jesperancinha&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/joaofse?label=João%20Esperancinha&style=social "Twitter")](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=yellow "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)   
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Articles&message=Across%20The%20Web&color=purple)](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-templates/Articles.md)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Webapp&message=Image%20Train%20Filters&color=6495ED)](http://itf.joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=red "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=red "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/coursera-20.png "Coursera")](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/google-apps-20.png "Google Apps")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)   
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/sonatype-20.png "Sonatype Search Repos")](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/docker-20.png "Docker Images")](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/stack-overflow-20.png)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/reddit-20.png "Reddit")](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/devto-20.png "Dev To")](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackernoon-20.jpeg "Hackernoon")](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeproject-20.png "Code Project")](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/github-20.png "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bitbucket-20.png "BitBucket")](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/gitlab-20.png "GitLab")](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/bintray-20.png "BinTray")](https://bintray.com/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/free-code-camp-20.jpg "FreeCodeCamp")](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hackerrank-20.png "HackerRank")](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codeforces-20.png "Code Forces")](https://codeforces.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codebyte-20.png "Codebyte")](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codewars-20.png "CodeWars")](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/codepen-20.png "Code Pen")](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/hacker-news-20.png "Hacker News")](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/infoq-20.png "InfoQ")](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/linkedin-20.png "LinkedIn")](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/xing-20.png "Xing")](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/tumblr-20.png "Tumblr")](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/pinterest-20.png "Pinterest")](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha/)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/quora-20.png "Quora")](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)

## Achievements

[![VMware Spring Professional 2021](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/vmware-spring-professional-2021.png "VMware Spring Professional 2021")](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, JEE 7 Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-ee-7-application-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, JEE7 Developer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
[![Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/oracle-certified-professional-java-se-11-developer-100.png "Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer")](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
[![IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/ibm-cybersecurity-analyst-professional-certificate-100.png "IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional")](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
[![Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/cancanit-badge-1462-100.png "Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer")](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
[![Certified Neo4j Professional](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/professional_neo4j_developer-100.png "Certified Neo4j Professional")](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
[![Deep Learning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/badges/deep-learning-100.png "Deep Learning")](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)
