sea-shell-service-spring-web-flux/Readme.md, before:

# sea-shell-service

## About me 👨🏽‍💻🚀🏳️‍🌈

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/JEOrgLogo-20.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=Jesperancinha&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/joaofse?label=João%20Esperancinha&style=social "Twitter")](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/mastodon-20.png "Mastodon")](https://masto.ai/@jesperancinha)
| [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/joao-esperancinha/)
| [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/jlnozkcomrxgsaip7yvffpqqm?si=b54b89eae8894960)
| [Medium](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
| [Buy me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jesperancinha)
| [Credly Badges](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
| [Google Apps](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)
| [Sonatype Search Repos](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.jesperancinha)
| [Docker Images](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
| [Stack Overflow Profile](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
| [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
| [Dev.TO](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
| [Hackernoon](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
| [Code Project](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
| [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
| [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
| [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
| [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
| [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
| [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/jofisaes)
| [Codebyte](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
| [CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
| [Code Pen](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
| [Hacker Earth](https://www.hackerearth.com/@jofisaes)
| [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/jofisaes)
| [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
| [InfoQ](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
| [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
| [Xing](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
| [Tumblr](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com/)
| [Pinterest](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha/)
| [Quora](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)
| [VMware Spring Professional 2021](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
| [Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
| [Oracle Certified Professional, JEE7 Developer](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
| [IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
| [Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
| [Certified Neo4j Professional](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
| [Deep Learning](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)
| [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=yellow "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=red "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=red "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)

Commit message:

Moves REST Service up one layer

sea-shell-service-spring-web-flux/Readme.md, after:

# sea-shell-rest-service

This module exemplifies three techniques to retrieve the data using mutable objects.

The three techniques used are:

1.  traditional MVC approach
2.  mutable solution with loose running subscribers
3.  wrapping a blocking call
4.  awaiting for the loose subscribers
5.  wrapping futures and fork-joins
6.  one by one alternative
7.  mutable solution with coordinated publishers
8.  immutable solution with coordinated publishers

NOTE: In version [2.0.0](../ReviewLogs.md) of this project, there is a [new module](../sea-shell-service-immutable), where the immutable implementation is presented in one go.
Please have a look at it to see an example of a better implementation.

## About me 👨🏽‍💻🚀🏳️‍🌈

[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/JEOrgLogo-20.png "João Esperancinha Homepage")](http://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl)
[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/jesperancinha.svg?label=Jesperancinha&style=social "GitHub")](https://github.com/jesperancinha)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/joaofse?label=João%20Esperancinha&style=social "Twitter")](https://twitter.com/joaofse)
[![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/master/project-signer-templates/icons-20/mastodon-20.png "Mastodon")](https://masto.ai/@jesperancinha)
| [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/joao-esperancinha/)
| [Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/user/jlnozkcomrxgsaip7yvffpqqm?si=b54b89eae8894960)
| [Medium](https://medium.com/@jofisaes)
| [Buy me a coffee](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/jesperancinha)
| [Credly Badges](https://www.credly.com/users/joao-esperancinha)
| [Google Apps](https://play.google.com/store/apps/developer?id=Joao+Filipe+Sabino+Esperancinha)
| [Sonatype Search Repos](https://search.maven.org/search?q=org.jesperancinha)
| [Docker Images](https://hub.docker.com/u/jesperancinha)
| [Stack Overflow Profile](https://stackoverflow.com/users/3702839/joao-esperancinha)
| [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/jesperancinha/)
| [Dev.TO](https://dev.to/jofisaes)
| [Hackernoon](https://hackernoon.com/@jesperancinha)
| [Code Project](https://www.codeproject.com/Members/jesperancinha)
| [BitBucket](https://bitbucket.org/jesperancinha)
| [GitLab](https://gitlab.com/jesperancinha)
| [Coursera](https://www.coursera.org/user/da3ff90299fa9297e283ee8e65364ffb)
| [FreeCodeCamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/jofisaes)
| [HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/jofisaes)
| [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/jofisaes)
| [Codebyte](https://coderbyte.com/profile/jesperancinha)
| [CodeWars](https://www.codewars.com/users/jesperancinha)
| [Code Pen](https://codepen.io/jesperancinha)
| [Hacker Earth](https://www.hackerearth.com/@jofisaes)
| [Khan Academy](https://www.khanacademy.org/profile/jofisaes)
| [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=jesperancinha)
| [InfoQ](https://www.infoq.com/profile/Joao-Esperancinha.2/)
| [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/joaoesperancinha/)
| [Xing](https://www.xing.com/profile/Joao_Esperancinha/cv)
| [Tumblr](https://jofisaes.tumblr.com/)
| [Pinterest](https://nl.pinterest.com/jesperancinha/)
| [Quora](https://nl.quora.com/profile/Jo%C3%A3o-Esperancinha)
| [VMware Spring Professional 2021](https://www.credly.com/badges/762fa7a4-9cf4-417d-bd29-7e072d74cdb7)
| [Oracle Certified Professional, Java SE 11 Programmer](https://www.credly.com/badges/87609d8e-27c5-45c9-9e42-60a5e9283280)
| [Oracle Certified Professional, JEE7 Developer](https://www.credly.com/badges/27a14e06-f591-4105-91ca-8c3215ef39a2)
| [IBM Cybersecurity Analyst Professional](https://www.credly.com/badges/ad1f4abe-3dfa-4a8c-b3c7-bae4669ad8ce)
| [Certified Advanced JavaScript Developer](https://cancanit.com/certified/1462/)
| [Certified Neo4j Professional](https://graphacademy.neo4j.com/certificates/c279afd7c3988bd727f8b3acb44b87f7504f940aac952495ff827dbfcac024fb.pdf)
| [Deep Learning](https://www.credly.com/badges/8d27e38c-869d-4815-8df3-13762c642d64)
| [![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=GitHub&message=JEsperancinhaOrg&color=yellow "jesperancinha.org dependencies")](https://github.com/JEsperancinhaOrg)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=All%20Badges&message=Badges&color=red "All badges")](https://joaofilipesabinoesperancinha.nl/badges)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?label=Status&message=Project%20Status&color=red "Project statuses")](https://github.com/jesperancinha/project-signer/blob/master/project-signer-quality/Build.md)
